board.rpy
board.rpyc
config.rpy
config.rpyc
functions.rpy
functions.rpyc
gui.rpy
gui.rpyc
math.rpy
math.rpyc
memory.rpy
memory.rpyc
options.rpy
options.rpyc
screens.rpy
screens.rpyc
script.rpy
script.rpyc
verbal.rpy
verbal.rpyc
audio\bgm.mp3
audio\diceroll.mp3
audio\diceshake.mp3
audio\no.ogg
audio\ok.ogg
audio\skip.ogg
audio\yes.ogg
cache\bytecode.rpyb
cache\pyanalysis.rpyb
cache\screens.rpyb
gui\frame.png
gui\game_menu.png
gui\main_menu.png
gui\namebox.png
gui\notify.png
gui\nvl.png
gui\skip.png
gui\textbox.png
gui\window_icon.png
gui\bar\bottom.png
gui\bar\left.png
gui\bar\right.png
gui\bar\top.png
gui\button\check_foreground.png
gui\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\button\hover_background.png
gui\button\idle_background.png
gui\button\quick_hover_background.png
gui\button\quick_idle_background.png
gui\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\overlay\confirm.png
gui\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\phone\nvl.png
gui\phone\textbox.png
gui\phone\bar\bottom.png
gui\phone\bar\left.png
gui\phone\bar\right.png
gui\phone\bar\top.png
gui\phone\button\check_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\check_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\choice_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\choice_idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\idle_background.png
gui\phone\button\radio_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\radio_selected_foreground.png
gui\phone\button\slot_hover_background.png
gui\phone\button\slot_idle_background.png
gui\phone\overlay\game_menu.png
gui\phone\overlay\main_menu.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\phone\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\scrollbar\vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui\slider\horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_bar.png
gui\slider\vertical_idle_thumb.png
images\board.png
images\passticket_hover.png
images\passticket_idle.png
images\sea.png
images\sky.png
images\comprension\libro 1.jpg
images\comprension\libro 10.jpg
images\comprension\libro 11.jpg
images\comprension\libro 12.jpg
images\comprension\libro 2.jpg
images\comprension\libro 3.jpg
images\comprension\libro 4.jpg
images\comprension\libro 5.jpg
images\comprension\libro 6.jpg
images\comprension\libro 7.jpg
images\comprension\libro 8.jpg
images\comprension\libro 9.jpg
images\dice\dice 1.png
images\dice\dice 2.png
images\dice\dice 3.png
images\dice\dice 4.png
images\dice\dice 5.png
images\dice\dice 6.png
images\dice\dice.clip
images\math\area1.png
images\math\area10.png
images\math\area2.png
images\math\area3.png
images\math\area4.png
images\math\area5.png
images\math\area6.png
images\math\area7.png
images\math\area8.png
images\math\area9.png
images\memory\memory1.jpg
images\memory\memory2.jpg
images\memory\memory3.jpg
images\memory\memory4.jpg
images\memory\memory5.jpg
images\memory\memory6.jpg
images\memory\memoryback.jpg
images\pieces\peon 1.png
images\pieces\peon 2.png
images\pieces\peon 3.png
images\pieces\peon 4.png
images\pieces\peon 5.png
images\pieces\peon 6.png
images\pieces\peon 7.png
images\pieces\peon 8.png
minigames\math\areas.txt
minigames\math\conversiones.txt
minigames\math\factorizacion.txt
minigames\math\romanos.txt
minigames\reading\comprension.txt
minigames\reading\verbal.txt
saves\_reload-2-LT1.save
saves\auto-1-LT1.save
saves\auto-10-LT1.save
saves\auto-2-LT1.save
saves\auto-3-LT1.save
saves\auto-4-LT1.save
saves\auto-5-LT1.save
saves\auto-6-LT1.save
saves\auto-7-LT1.save
saves\auto-8-LT1.save
saves\auto-9-LT1.save
saves\navigation.json
saves\persistent
tl\None\common.rpym
tl\None\common.rpymc
